
Voiceover 

Introduction





This is Darren West who had just found a dead body hidden in his  garage. But that was nothing compared to what chilling discovery the officers were about to make.




















When officers first arrived at the gruesome scene, they had no idea what dark secrets were hidden behind the doors. But as they began uncovering a series of damning clues, it quickly became clear that this wasn’t just 
a meticulously planned murder—it was something far more sinister and the killer was much closer to home than anyone expected.


Horrifying discovery

On April 12, 2014 Darren had returned home after serving time in prison for drug charges only to stumble upon a horrifying scene in his garage and  make this disturbing 911 call. 





When police arrived at Pleasant Grove, Utah, they saw the garage door wide open and Darren stood outside with his family, who had come to help him move in. Just one look at him, and the officers knew they were in for something dreadful. 








The house had once belonged to Darren’s mother, and before he went to prison, he had lived there with his wife, Megan Huntsman, and their three daughters. But now, the place was a chaotic mess with piles of boxes scattered everywhere.






The box in question was an ordinary-looking fruit box, sitting just outside the garage and its exterior was tightly sealed with electrical tape. Inside, they found a bag, also wrapped in layer upon layer of duct tape, as if someone desperately wanted to keep whatever was inside hidden forever. When the investigators finally peeled it open, what they discovered would haunt them for years to come. It was the lifeless body of a fully decomposed baby.









The officers quickly sealed off the scene, unsure of what had truly happened, but one thing was clear—it was now a homicide investigation. They began searching the area, moving from box to box, not knowing that what they had just uncovered was just the beginning of a much darker and more chilling story.








But the question was where was Megan? Right now she was the only person who could hold the answers to this troubling mystery. 










Darren had already called Megan, and what she told him was almost impossible to believe. She claimed the baby was his, from way back in 2006: a child he had no idea even existed but could that even be possible?







So, for the time being, the officers focused on Megan to understand about the unfolding events.










It wasn’t just Darren who was disturbed—the neighbors had also noticed a strange, foul smell coming from the garage. As more officers arrived at the scene they were tasked with meticulously searching every inch of the property of what was quickly becoming known as the “house of horror”.


Megan questioning

Meanwhile, Megan was brought in for questioning by Detective Beckstrom. His first goal was to understand why she had hidden the baby instead of reporting it to the authorities or seeking medical help. However, in a few moments, the story took a turn more twisted than ever.











Megan repeated the same story she had told Darren—that the baby had been a stillborn. Despite appearing visibly upset, there were many details in Megan’s account that just didn't add up. 










Megan’s story seemed like a justification- with her husband gone to prison, she was left overwhelmed with stress and was deeply influenced by drugs which clouded her state of mind. But the more the detective spoke with her, the more their doubts grew.











What struck as odd was Megan’s fear of going to jail if the baby was truly a stillborn. If no crime had been committed, aside from the unlawful disposal of the body, why did she carry such a heavy guilt? There was something deeper she wasn’t saying, and the detective could feel it. Meanwhile, at the house, the officers pressed on with their search which led them to another suspicious box. Inside, they uncovered a deeply disturbing scene— that was just the start.








Shocking revelations

Each box they opened carried an overpowering stench, with a strange liquid seeping through the bottom of the bags inside. The officers immediately reported it to Detective Beckstrom who confronted Megan in hopes to get answers, but nothing could have prepared him for her response.










Megan had a long history of drug abuse, particularly methamphetamine, and was known to drink heavily as well. These addictions had ruined her ability to make rational decisions, but they were no excuse for taking a life. Despite her claims, it was clear she was still hiding something—a truth so gruesome, which would shake everyone to the core.












After hearing that more bodies were hidden in the garage, Detective Beckstrom quickly contacted the officers on the scene. Over 20 to 30 officers combed through every inch of the house, searching for hours and while the investigation continued, so did the interrogation.








It was painfully evident that this case was far from straightforward. While it wasn’t unheard of for a woman to hide a pregnancy but doing so multiple times raised serious doubts. The idea seemed almost impossible to believe, and as the detectives pieced things together, a chilling realisation began to take shape.










Darren in question

Megan Huntsman was arrested and booked into the Utah County Jail on six counts of murder. However, the case was far from complete—still there were pieces of the puzzle that didn’t quite fit and to fill in the gaps, investigators brought Darren in for questioning.










Darren was visibly shaken by the disturbing revelations. He buried his face in his hands and began to sob as the weight of the situation hit him hard. But despite his tears, there was more he needed to explain.










Even though Darren claimed he had no idea about the pregnancies, the detective wasn’t ready to accept it at face value.













Although Darren seemed like a potential suspect in the case, there was no evidence to link him to the murders. Eventually, Darren requested an attorney, bringing the interrogation to an abrupt end. What worked in his favor was a simple but strong point—if he had known about the bodies in the garage, it was unlikely he would have started cleaning it so soon after his release from prison.








